---
layout: post
type: news
title: "Ten Years Reproducibility Challenge"
date: 2019-10-11
categories: news
---

Did you ever try to run an old code that you wrote for a scientific article you
published years ago? Did you encounter any problems? Were you successful?  We
are curious to hear your story. This is the reason why we are editing a special
issue of ReScience to collect these stories.

The ten years reproducibility challenge is an invitation for researchers to try
to run the code they've created for a scientific publication that was published
more than **ten years ago**. This code can be anything (statistical analysis,
numerical simulation, data processing, etc.), can be written in any language
and can address any scientific domain. The only mandatory condition to enter
the challenge is to have published a scientific article **before 2010**, in a
journal or a conference with proceedings, which contains results produced by
code, irrespectively of whether this code was published in some form at the
time or not.

Note that we do not ask you to write a new version of your old code. We ask you
instead to **try to make your old code to run on modern hardware/software**
(with minimal modifications) in order to check if you can obtain the exact same
results that were published at least ten years ago.

Sounds easy? We have good reasons to think this might be more difficult than you
think. And maybe the first problem you'll have to solve is to find your own source
code.

More information at: [rescience.github.io/ten-years](http://rescience.github.io/ten-years/)

